# Sandsoft Test

Make with unity 2021.3.16f1

## Before begin, Important: 
The dll was not allowed to upload. So, I rename the **dll** to **ddl2**. You have to rename it back to **dll** to make the game work. I did a main scene and a logo generated by AI to show on the main screen.
The files to change extension to dll are:
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DOTween/DOTween.dll2
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DemiLib/Core/DemiLib.dll2
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DOTweenPro/DOTweenPro.dll2
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DOTween/Editor/DOTweenEditor.dll2
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DemiLib/Core/Editor/DemiEditor.dll2
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DOTweenPro/Editor/DOTweenProEditor.dll2
- Assets/Plugins/Demigiant/DOTween/Editor/DOTweenUpgradeManager.dll2

## Questions
1) The first question was interesting, but in the end, I did not know what was the most used and deducted the total of the string of the lines.
2) The second question about the palindrome, was curious. I took by pairs and I also identified the biggest number without a pair. 
	I see that I didn't pass all the tests, and I am curious about where I failed.
	
3) The third test was too much at the beginning, I lost some time downloading the proper Unity version. Also, the project is quite empty, I would speck some of the code there. I'd like to ask you about the level editor. I did it in a fast way checking redundant tiles and in a nonoptimal way. I could make it better if I had more time.
Steps
- I did everything in one file, and then I split it into logic and View.
- I left the system to be able to change the items easily. Same with the grid size.
- After that I import the Dotween animations to make easy the animations.


## Conclusions 
Hope you find the test well and thank you for this opportunity. 
Have a great weekend.
Best,
Antonio.


PS: I feel that a test of 8 hours in a row is too much, because I feel that I cannot stop once I begin. I would split it into two tests, maybe 2 hours ( 1 per question ) and 6 hours for the unity project.

